https://help.ncees.org/article/70-work-experience-faqs?_ga=2.185239017.1703953469.1665600812-943884787.1659110122 

Work experience entries should describe engineering projects on which you personally worked. Each entry is broken into Tasks and Duties and Projects.
For Tasks and Duties, include your level of responsibility, degree of personal responsibility, the complexity of the work performed, and engineering decisions that you made.
For Projects, include the project name, location, dates of the project and the exact engineering or surveying work you personally performed.  You do not have to list every project you worked on, but you must cover the entire time frame of a work entry, skipping no more than 2 years time.
Tasks and Duties

I am a structural engineer in the transportation sector who primarily works on bridge structures, with additional limited experience in tunnel structures. Within the field of bridge design, my specialties are: cable-supported bridges, including network arch, suspension and cable-stay; and box girder bridges, including steel and post-tensioned multi-cell concrete. Across all the aforementioned bridge types, my tasks have encompassed computer modeling, including construction stage, time-dependent and dynamic loading for both elastic and inelastic materials; reinforcement design and detailing, steel design and detailing; construction support services; and drafting. Before September 2017, I was an Assistant Engineer, and my responsibilities included: checking design calculations of senior engineers; detailing and drafting rebar designs; modeling with senior guidance; computing quantities; and checking and revising drawings. Since September 2017, I have been an Associate Engineer, and my responsibilities have included: producing my own design calculations and rebar designs; independently creating models to fulfil design needs; and performing construction support services, including reviewing shop drawings and proposing solutions to issues that arose during construction.

## Representative Projects

The Lake Street Transit Center is located in Minneapolis, MN. The scope was to design a 3-span, 5-cell, post-tensioned, cast-in-place box girder bridge to serve as a bus station along I-35W, supporting a canopy structure over both sidewalks and including punch-outs for stairs and elevators to the enclosed waiting areas below. I worked on this project from August, 2016, to March, 2017. I performed an independent check of the post-tensioning design calculations and created a construction stage model with special bus live loads to verify the design. I detailed the final reinforcement and resolved conflicts between the reinforcement and the post-tensioning, and I computed quantities for the superstructure. All design and analysis was performed in accordance with the AASHTO LRFD Bridge Design Specifications 2016 and the Caltrans Bridge Design Practice 2015. All work was performed under the supervision of a licensed professional engineer (PE).

The Gulch Pedestrian Bridge was located in Nashville, TN. The scope was to design a single-span, steel network arch crossing a major train yard to connect a residential development in the Gulch neighborhood to downtown Nashville, with architectural features including balconies and planters. I worked on this project from March, 2017, to February, 2018. I detailed the arrangement of the hangers to accommodate railings and an ADA-compliant pedestrian passage through the cable plane to the overhanging balconies, as well as to ensure the constructability of the multiple different cable connection details. I created a digital model to generate loads for design, including construction stages and dynamic cable loss loads, and I performed design calculations. I also designed prestressing for the concrete deck, which was composite with the tie girders, to limit tension in the concrete to acceptable levels. All design and analysis was performed in accordance with the AASHTO LRFD Bridge Design Specifications 2016 and Pedestrian Bridge Guide Specifications 2009. All work was performed under the supervision of a licensed professional engineer (PE).

The Hunter Harrison Memorial Bridge is located at the University of Memphis, TN. The scope was: first, to design a single-span, asymmetric, cable-stay bridge, crossing a major thoroughfare and a railroad, to connect the main campus to a newly developing section; and later, to perform construction support services. I worked on the design from July, 2017, to November, 2017, and on construction support from January, 2019, to November, 2019. I detailed the very complex reinforcement scheme for the inclined, tapered tower, with each of the two pylons being only 2 feet thick, and provided highly detailed drawings to the contractor to facilitate proper execution. In the construction phase, I checked the cable stressing sequence calculations, and I monitored the survey data as the cables were stressed to ensure that the final profile would be correct. I also presented a paper on this project at the 2020 International Bridge Conference. All design and analysis was performed in accordance with the AASHTO LRFD Bridge Design Specifications 2016 and Pedestrian Bridge Guide Specifications 2009. All work was performed under the supervision of a licensed professional engineer (PE).

The Throgs Neck Bridge crosses the East River between the Bronx and Queens, NY. The scope of this project was to perform construction support services for the replacement of the deck and incidental superstructure repairs on this historic suspension bridge. I have worked on this project since November, 2019, to the present. I reviewed shop drawings and responded to RFIs to help the contractor and subcontractors understand the design intent. I proposed field fixes, and performed relevant design calculations, for issues not foreseen by the original design. I also performed inspections to verify field/as-built conditions in support of my RFI responses. All design and analysis was performed in accordance with the AASHTO LRFD Bridge Design Specifications 2017, and all work was performed under the supervision of a licensed professional engineer (PE).

